Hello! My name is Sam. I am the Saba virtual assistant,
and I will be your guide throughout this course.
I have been designed to swiftly provide answers to your most common questions.
This includes information about your Saba account and learning progress,
as well as ESDC’s Essential Training Curriculum!
As I am constantly evolving, more questions will be added
to my repertory to ensure I offer you an agile and inclusive support.
You will be able to find me directly through Saba,
on your login page of your Saba learning management system and on iService
Now that we have met, let's learn a little more about your role
and responsibilities as a Saba Administrator and who can support you.